Ross wants to become the first person to
see every kind of primate in the wild
for us to find his final primer you'll
need local expertise
[Music]
I can smell like most African monkeys
they're very good at hiding
[Music]
oh cool
Oh
yes number 79 good spot working on that
for 49 years
[Music]
Wow
funny face funny looking lucky
Estelle's great and this morning just
about given up with all the rain but we
got these trackers are amazing really
good
[Music]
this is a really special animal Russ is
the first person to see every type of my
minor but he hopes he won't be the last
now I like stimulating people to go to
remote places and engage with the
communities benefit the local economies
that's what it's all about
ecotourism and primate watching can
provide a new income for local
communities and an incentive to protect
pilots and their home it's clearly
demonstrating to local communities the
importance of these intact forests and
the key species that occur within them
our number one objective is to maintain
the current diversity of the order
primates zero extinctions if we can
replicate models like this across the
world we can save these species from
extinction
[Music]